README.md, before:

# wiki-share

names; typeless, clippings,

---

Steps to Deploy:

-color code, roots with children, roots without children, children with children, children without children
-background color and no border
-buttons need to be fixed when going from post to post

-signin with google
-show liked posts and creations in user (links to private carosel) (style as wikipage)

-question book bug (image)
-redirect bug (eg. article for mire redirects to peatland)
-article titles with commas bug
-credibility rating
-should maybe say where in the article the quote is from
-loading animations
-some text cant be targetted? - remove reference tags and reference section? -multiple paragraphs idk -no select on headers? if going from paragraph to paragraph, cut and search for second half,
-logo
-footer (<a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/marker" title="marker icons">Marker icons
created by mavadee - Flaticon</a>)
<a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/led" title="led icons">Led icons created by Payungkead - Flaticon</a>
<a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/partnership" title="partnership icons">Partnership icons created by kosonicon - Flaticon</a>
-about page and coming soon

---

Later Steps Unordered:
-pages (10 per)
-commenting all code
-usecallback and usememo?
-only select text from article window
-use the like .... thing
-am i using useffect wrong (yellow squiggles)
-prop validation?
-unneccessary fetches?
-calculatedepth function is in both tree and its own file
-double click bug when trying to open root article and others randomly
-swipe functionality
-accessibility
-tree gui

Commit message:

style background colors, fix navbar to veiwport, remove relevancy for roots, style next and back buttons, style post creation page

README.md, after:

# wiki-share

names; typeless, clippings,

---

Steps to Deploy:

-signin with google
-show liked posts and creations in user (links to private carosel) (style as wikipage)
-style post creation lightly
-no relevancy scores for rootposts

-question book bug (image)
-redirect bug (eg. article for mire redirects to peatland)
-article titles with commas bug

-should maybe say where in the article the quote is from
-loading animations (in next button)
-some text cant be targetted? - remove reference tags and reference section? -multiple paragraphs idk -no select on headers? if going from paragraph to paragraph, cut and search for second half,

-logo
-footer (<a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/marker" title="marker icons">Marker icons
created by mavadee - Flaticon</a>)
<a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/led" title="led icons">Led icons created by Payungkead - Flaticon</a>
<a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/partnership" title="partnership icons">Partnership icons created by kosonicon - Flaticon</a>
-about page and coming soon

---

Later Steps Unordered:
-credibility rating
-pages (10 per)
-transition to white slowly
-commenting all code
-usecallback and usememo?
-only select text from article window
-use the like .... thing
-am i using useffect wrong (yellow squiggles)
-prop validation?
-unneccessary fetches?
-calculatedepth function is in both tree and its own file
-double click bug when trying to open root article and others randomly
-swipe functionality
-accessibility
-tree gui
